Master, are you still thinking about that evil thing?
The devil child in Fengmen Village
no small matter
And that Xu Bingyan
Also a little heavy
If the two of them join forces
I'm afraid no one is an opponent
Hey
Don't you always tell me what kind of master your master is?
Why do you frown when you encounter something?
I don't think he's very capable
As expected of a charlatan
Don't say that my master is not good?
Oh, I see.
please
You don't want it?
Give me a break.
I beg you.
Master, what's wrong?
Oh, no. He's suffering from evil.
Hey master
People may just be listening to the phone with a bluetooth headset
Where did so many evil ears come from?
Why can't I see? Hmm.
There are three sisters and foreign fire on people's bodies
One sister on each pointed head
With these three sisters
Ghosts are afraid to approach
Only sadness
People who are seriously ill or desperate
Sanmei Yanghuo is weak
Ghosts will haunt
So you can see him?
Hey, say
What does Evil Spike look like?
I really want to see your Bixin that night
Didn't you see
Compare the heart, what is the heart?
Why can't I remember?